# AGA307-A2
 Time Rusher  A fast-paced, 3rd person platformer that has players race to the end before time runs out. There are time items that can be picked up.  Scope via Milestones (Each milestone is approximately 1 to 2 days of work):  Milestone 1: Movement and Timer (That can be incremented later). -	Movement includes walking, running when momentum is built up, jumping, crouching, and sliding if the crouch button is pressed while running. -	The timer will count down and will have minutes, seconds and milliseconds rounded down to 2 decimal places (00:00:00). Milestone 2: Pickups that increase time or speed the player up, moving platforms, Hazards and a goal that ends the level. -	Moving platforms should have 2 destinations that move in between them so that it’s more flexible when building a level. -	Hazards will include: Sideways platforms, spikes, and a simple turret. Milestone: 3: Making a Level alongside Leader board system that saves. -	The level will involve all the previous hazards/obstacles to, each feature having at least one isolated area to itself so the player can learn about what it does.  -	If time allows, there are individual leader boards for how many pickups were collected in the level, how much time is left on the level vs how much time was taken to get there. Milestone 4: When falling out off the map or “dying”, rewind to the last “safe” place. -	This would include having a place that is saved in the level. This could either be done by having checkpoints or areas that are deemed safe and would save a location of the player’s last time it was in a safe zone. Milestone 5: Atheistic modifications (animation, importing models, sound effects, ect). -	The player will be a simple humanoid character. -	There will be a sheet attached with the final build detailing where I got any assets that I do not make explicitly. Milestone 6: Clean up code and make a Build for a test. -	This will be used to gage feedback on my current project. If at this point there is more time to work on the game, Milestone 6 can be repeated. -	Each test participant will write on either a form or sheet what they like and did not like about the current build. Milestone 7: Take feedback and make changes to make a final Build to submit. -	The final submission will also add any external files used for the purposes of the assessment.
